# August 31st - September 6th, 2024

I didn't know I still had to complete the journal, because I was doing different assignments. Nevertheless a recap of what I did the last two weeks, I created an account on Ear Sketch to code beats because I want to become a audio engineer and create my own music when I become an adult. My first beat was named "take1" because that's precisely what is was, I was testing the waters to see if I wanted to do this all year, didn't have any inspiration behind it I just let my thoughts flow. For my second beat I wanted to create a chill/lofi beat so I spent 3 days surfing the different options composing what I felt would place someone in a calm mindset while they do work or just sitting around, I was extremely proud of the way it came out and it blew the low expectations I had. The next week I found a melody that felt somewhat inspirational so I wanted to build a beat around that specific melody the word that came to my mind was "Triumph" so I composed it with that in my mind and after hours of trial and error I finally had something I felt was good enough to say I was finished with it and again I was very proud of what I had accomplished definitely my favorite out of the 3.

# September 9th, 2024
I had a massive brain block, I couldn't ifnd any sounds I enjoyed and wanted to build around. It felt like everything I was putting together was like cats and dogs fighting each other. I was getting irritated and decided to take a step back and take a break. So I spent this day cooling down so tomorrow I can come stronger and start composing good music.
